Jiang Li is lying to you
Why do you say I lied to Dad?
Dad?
Xiao Can stole something 5 years ago
We have apologized to him.
Do you know why he still refuses to forgive us?
Well, that's because he's calculating.
pushing an inch wrong
That's because we started from the beginning
There are too many misunderstandings and prejudices about him
Including your so-called bone marrow donation
If you have anything to say, dad
I have applied for the video from Dean Wang.
The video shows that the person who donated the bone marrow is Xiao Can
Afterwards, the mother and son coveted the property
I want to kill Xiao Can
You donated bone marrow
It has no meaning or value to the Jiang family
Keep you
Will only endanger the status of my own son
You... you want to get me killed?
So what if I was?
Anyway, it's redundant for you to stay in the Jiang family
It's better to die early and be born early
After you die
I'll tell my dad that I donated the bone marrow
Hahahaha you
You cheated one
We want you dead.
No one wants to save you
Father
adopted son
What else do you have to say now?